so we're at ipfs cam 2019 we've got
another awesome project here these are
the guys from Brita technologies and I'm
just going to let them introduce
themselves so we worked at better
technologies my name is anh Tuan and we
are creating message gap overly p2p and
we implemented Lippe to be 12 spots of
Araby le Bluetooth Low Energy
yeah blue to store energy and we can
show you some code if you want to a
little bit about like what is important
about this transport why did you need it
for the chat application that for the
messaging application that you're
building and what makes it special yeah
we want to an application a messaging
application yes that can work with an
optional connectivity to animate so yeah
yeah we want to be able to start a chat
with maybe 20 people online then let's
say the three of us we can go somewhere
where we don't have any connection and
we can continue to chats with witnesses
then we can one-to-one messages and when
we go back online we can consolidate the
conversation
it's one of our main goal yeah instead
of good for sheriff Davis murder you
just push up on the other front on leg
you can add it in contact on the shower
your speedster so you can connect after
two is like a spear it's really a sport
so you do like some level of peer
exchange right so let's up here it's
really nice because it's transport but
it's also acts as discovery service yeah
so it's fine you use counter and when
you can do a disappear or run you you
will add it to your peer store and you
can have a classical let me try anything
okay so that's cool so basically one
year when you connect to appear by a
Bluetooth that peer is able to exchange
with you the peers that they know about
and that includes I guess I'm mapping
between their Bluetooth addresses and
their nickname identity or whatever so
that whatever you find them in the
vicinity about running a Bluetooth scan
you know who they are we so we we have
demented all see
needed interface for the go long version
of Liberty be yeah so we have lamented
with transport the listener and capable
cone we declared
[Music]
and so on transport ecstasy and
transparency exactly I only want things
that you can dial someone really because
you can only talk with someone which is
you we have classical gold p2p 12 sports
and limitation exactly so this part is
native driver writen in Objective C for
iOS and Mac OS and in Java for Android
this part will talk with the low-level
API and it will expose the Jets profile
which is really like main ways the only
way to communicate with Billy we've got
a number of characteristics and
yeah that map to let me to be specific
concept exactly we have a service
Bertie and you have three characteristic
you can see that as a kind of API
endpoints yeah so you have which address
and PID which are readable so the Piazza
scan your device will read your V
Elliott will tell us and your PID then
you can start to write on your writer if
I show you sprinkles so the cap profile
is actually sure shared during discovery
during the scanning so once you get this
these pieces of data if you decide to
that you want to establish a connection
to that here then you would tell them
through that multi adder which then
activates the transport itself which
establishes by the native driver the
connection using the ponies Decatur
first step of check so I wanna show you
with this Libby to be part on this
device will ask to the jet semester to
read which address and PID on the jetty
slave of your here then it will look
until your deal as with your own
characteristic yeah ok
then they can agree on the biggest
common MTU which is really important it
has a huge impact on your performance
then on Lippe to be level you will add
each beer will add each other in the
respective Kasturi then they will auto
connect then when the unshackle is
terminated you have a connection
established right and as you can see if
you call connection right it will ask to
the Jetta master of the Nazi driver
right data owns the writer of the
built-in slave of your peer but let's
say you need to it we need to be kinda
like this handshake is a two-way process
where you've got a master that speaks to
slave and then that's leave that other
device creates master yeah exactly so
that they can see they can so really
this connection each of these connect
each of these segments is actually
unidirectional so to make the direction
X we need to create it on both hands
exactly you need to have those master
Samael slave transport itself handle all
of this
exactly you are only natural fiber which
involves I don't know the complexity and
from liberty besides you only have a
cone with what mr. white and the red
yeah you work on the listener and it's
innate everything when you have a new
Pia and a new connection you can right
away then it's perfect so should we are
you able to do a quick demo of this an
actual let's look at this in action
this part is my fine so okay I don't
know if you can see it but this one I've
only one pier just one at 6:00 p.m. I
should be other neurons on the cloud
yeah just for sympathy so this guy's
connected to this guy by a blue ticket
man
and that's it like this one this one is
not paper right you get amazing so what
is I mean Bluetooth then allow for these
kind of use cases in the past so ble is
a new generation of Bluetooth that
allows for generic data transports like
this like what what has made this
transport possible because a few years
ago was pretty difficult
Jim may be truly a winner because it's
continued for me to like it hasn't
always like traditionally been easy with
loader to create these kind of generic
applications where you can just you know
bond with another peer and like speak a
application level protocol has been
enabled recently yeah I think it's from
Bluetooth Low Energy because you need to
speak with you know IOT stuff and it's
like you know the pairing process so you
can just talk right yeah pretty cool so
what's in the future what's like the
next development for this transfer yeah
because really is a pretty slow actually
and you can send big pictures you can
send video
you have a future which is L to cap
channel and sista to allows you to
access to a lot of Al sockets on the
radio chip okay
and it gives you the bandwidth of Brutus
Classic Collection edited through okay
so yeah it's it's we think it'd be
really helpful to improve the stability
and the performance of the collision I
love that you guys have big go Libby to
be clearly has a strong usability and a
strong applicability in the use case
because they need like this transport
transparency so that they're able to
switch between connected and
disconnected modes so clearly you know
let me to be gives you that level of
abstraction this great that you went
ahead implemented it integrated in iOS
and Android devices we definitely have
to continue working together with a
legitimate community yeah thanks a lot
for your work
we will open the preview so if you are
developer or if you want to contribute
or give us some feedback we enter in
this project we will read your
application and circle base including
stability post box awesome so please do
that this is an amazing project and it's
going to be a great advancement for
offline use cases for let me to be as
well so please join this team and
helping make that possible